# CS 305 Journal

The client for these projects was Artemis Financial, a financial consulting company that specializes in individual financial plans for customers. Artemis Financial was moving to modernize its operation and wanted our company, Global Rain, to protect the client and financial information that is open to a public web interface. After finding the client's software vulnerabilities, I switched over to the HTTPS protocol, implemented an encryption algorithm to secure information, and created a self-signed certificate for the web interface. A company with a high level of security earns customer trust and ensures their compliance and relevant government regulations. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was the most helpful to me was the static testing options as it explicitly tells you potential vulnerabilities and provides industry recognized documentation and solutions. To increase the security of the application, I changed to an HTTPS protocol, sanitized input, and encrypted sensitive information. Moving forward, I would use static testing tools and try out common exploitations to assess the vulnerabilities of the application. To ensure that the secure code that I recently implemented was working properly, I would make note of the applications behaviors and logic before and after the code implementation. A tool that I specifically used in these assignments and will use in future development tasks is the OWASP dependency checker that can easily be integrated into the software. I think that the work I have submitted here shows a determination to learn and implement industry standard coding practices. 
